welcomes to movies summary today i am
going to explain
crime thriller movie hannibal a decade
after tracking down
serial killer jane gum fbi special agent
clarice starling is blamed for a botched
drug raid
she is contacted by mason berger the
only surviving victim of the
cannibalistic serial killer hannibal
lecter
who has been missing since escaping
custody during the gum investigation
a wealthy child molester verger was
paralyzed and disfigured by lecter
during a therapy session
he has been pursuing an elaborate scheme
to capture
torture and kill lector ever since
using his wealth and political influence
berger has starling reassigned to
lector's case
hoping her involvement will draw lecter
out
after learning of starling's disgrace
lecter sends her a taunting letter
a perfume expert identifies a fragrance
on the letter
skin cream with ingredients only
available to a few shops in the world
she contacts the police departments of
the cities where the shops are located
requesting surveillance tapes in one
city
florence chief inspector ronaldo patsy
is investigating the disappearance of a
library curator
potsie questions lecter who is
masquerading as dr
fell the assistant curator and caretaker
recognizing dr fell in the surveillance
tape
potsie accesses the violent criminal
apprehension program database of wanted
fugitives
he learns of burger's three million
united states dollars personal bounty on
lecter
seeking the bounty hatsey ignores
starling's warnings and attempts to
capture lector alone
he recruits a pickpocket to obtain
lector's fingerprint to show verger as
proof
the pickpocket mortally wounded by
lecter
manages to get the print and gives it to
potzi
lector baits potzi into an isolated room
of the palazzo vecchio
ties him up dissembles him and hangs him
from the balcony
berger bribes justice department
official paul krendler to accuse
starling of withholding a note from
lecter
leading to her suspension lector lures
starling to union station
burgers men having trailed starling
capture and bring lector to berger
berger intends to feed lector alive to a
herd of wild boars bread for this
purpose
after her superiors refuse to act
starling
infiltrates berger's estate after
neutralizing two guards and freeing
lecter
she is shot by a third guard lector
picks up an unconscious starling just
before the boars break through the doors
berger orders his physician cordell
dohemling to shoot lecter
but at lector's suggestion cordell
shoves his hated boss into the pen with
lector
offering to take the blame lecter
carries starling away and the boar's eat
verger alive
collector takes starling to krendler's
secluded lake house and treats her
wounds
when crendler arrives lecter subdues and
drugs him
starling disoriented by morphine and
dressed in a cocktail dress
awakens to find krendler seated at the
table set for an elegant dinner
weakened by the drugs she watches in
horror as lecture removes part of
krendler's prefrontal cortex
sautes it and feeds it to him
starling tries to attack lector but he
overpowers and traps her
she handcuffs his wrist to hers hearing
the police closing
in lecter is about to sever her cuffed
hand to escape and brings down the
cleaver
starling surrenders to the fbi with her
hands intact
on a flight lecter prepares to eat a
meal he has brought himself
his bandaged arm in a sling lector
shares cooked brain with the boy next to
him
saying it is important always to try new
things
movie ends in that scene please like
share and subscribe